so when you are looking at things
looking around you for things that are
funny and finding the humor in things
you will find yourself being a whole lot
better about who you are at work and who
you are at home and who you are a church
and who you are in all the places that
you go well you know an emergency
nursing
yeah I'm not even sure I know what that
says I just needed a picture of Bill
Clinton but up until nineteen ninety-six
one of my favorite things to do an
emergency nursing was to be the triage
nurse and you know what this guy did to
all triage nurses across the country he
signed into legislation this bill called
the health insurance and portability and
accountability act HIPAA mm-hmm I
remember night after night after night
taking that log sheet off the desk and
going in the back and saying listen to
this and you've heard of all bamaca and
technical shot done shot myself done
fell out all those wonderful things and
who hasn't passed around the x-ray with
the foreign body in the rectum
throughout the hospital right you can't
do that anymore so we've lost some of
our fun but you know we've all been
there and for those advanced practice
nurses in the room that was just a
normal x-ray
because I see some of you looking going
yeah well the other thing that you can
do besides looking for the humor around
you and exposing yourself to things that
are funny you can simply look at the
world with a broad and silly perspective
you can look at things a little bit
differently than you've looked at them
before and when we get into kind of this
rut of driving the same place you know
the whole thing about wearing your watch
on the same hand all the time you get
into these patterns and you forget to
take in what's going on around you it's
the whole you know stop and smell the
roses thing and so when you find
yourself in position to look at things
with a more broad and silly perspective
you'll find a lot more of these little
opportunities like my carrot lying
around for you
there are lots of reasons that I left
the state of Florida this is just one of
them but my wife says she's going to
write a book that says just because you
can fit in it doesn't mean it's your
size
but I want you to think about something
for just a minute you know we don't
really laugh at things that are truly
funny Dewey we do laugh at things and
certainly there are things that are
humorous that we hear and things that
make us laugh but really what creates
opportunities for laughter is really
laughing at things that are really not
so funny and then in some cases might be
pretty painful and you think about those
patients who come with those FB rectums
right there they're not real happy when
they come to the desk doing the little
dance but but we cope with these things
that happen by using humor and we're
going to talk a little bit more as we go
along about the connection between
healing and humor and how we really do
use things that are painful as we
process things that that make us laugh
and make us feel better about the
situations that we're in the problem is
the the problem is that we all go to
work every day and we don't want to be
ourselves we go to work every day and
we're afraid to be ourselves we're
afraid to show people the little cracks
and crevices in our personality or the
wrinkles that we might bring to work and
when you think about that what happens
is we almost become somebody different
when that badge goes through the clock
or we walk through the door and what I'm
here to plead with you is to bring your
real self bring your real self and bring
it every day because people need humor
they need laughter they need things to
be light and they need things to be
incorporated into their treatment of
care whether it's a patient or a staff
member or family member who ever that
make them feel good about themselves and
you can connect so much with people with
humor than you can with it just about
anything else I feel very connected to
you all right now I'll be very sad when
it's time to go maybe we'll stay til 10
okay so what is it ok to use humor
that's very important right we find
ourselves in life and death critical
situations each and every day every
minute of every day if you watch TV and
you know just like ER isn't it
everyone's like is it like on TV I said
yeah but we don't have all that sex in
the nurses lounge we save it for the
housekeeping closet no and
but when is it okay to use humor well
it's ok to use humor with people when
you have a strong relationship with that
person I have a good friend who's a
priest and I get a lot he married me and
baptize my first child and was the
chaplain where I went to collagen has
become a very good family friend and I
get a lot of nun and priest jokes over
the email cuz I'm you know good Catholic
boy and so I got this one that I thought
was really really funny and this nun is
standing on the side of the road right
and priest is driving back to the
rectory and she appears to need a ride
so he stops and lets her written she's a
pretty nice-looking none as far as nuns
go and she sits down in the car and when
she sits down the habit opens and
reveals a very lovely leg and so the
priest is kind of looking and he's
driving around he goes to shift gears
and his hand goes over onto the nuns leg
and the nun looks at the pre since his
father remember someone 29 and she says
oh father sister I'm so sorry I'm so
sorry so we're driving down the road and
he's very embarrassed driving a little
faster goes to change gears again and
just can't help himself but hand goes
back on the knee she looks at him and
she says father remember Psalm 129 he
says Oh sister the temptation is strong
but the flesh is weak and the drive
drive drive gets her to the convent and
she thanks him for the ride he quit gets
her out and he zooms back over to the
church where he lives he runs into his
room flips open the Bible fine Psalm 129
where it says seiki further higher you
will find glory
in
hey
so the point of the story is when you
have a strong relationship with someone
you know when it's okay to share that
kind of humor well the other scenario
when it's okay to do it is when other
people use humor